1.A Beautiful,Terrible Thing
What do you do when you discover that the person you've built your life around never existed? When "it could never happen to me" does happen to you? 
With a dual-timeline narrative structure, we see Waite's romance bud, bloom, and wither simultaneously, making the heartbreak and disbelief even more affecting.
2.The Sky Below
“Scott Parazynski’s drive, curiosity, inventiveness, and great humor shine through the pages of The Sky Below and will certainly inspire 
future generations to pursue their dreams with every fiber in their being.” —John Glenn, NASA astronaut
An epic memoir from a man whose life is defined by exploration and innovation, The Sky Below re-creates some of the most unforgettable adventures of our time. From dramatic, high-risk spacewalks to author Scott Parazynski’s
 death-defying quest to summit Mount Everest—his body ravaged by a career in space—readers will experience the life of an elite athlete, physician, and explorer.
3.The Disaster Artist: My Life Inside The Room, the Greatest Bad Movie Ever Made
From the actor who lived through the most improbable Hollywood success story, with an award-winning narrative nonfiction writer, comes the inspiring, fascinating and laugh-out-loud story of a mysteriously wealthy outsider 
who sundered every road block in the Hollywood system to achieve success on his own terms—the making of The Room, “the Citizen Kane of bad movies”

Fiction
1.The Last Magician
Stop the Magician. Steal the book. Save the future.
In modern-day New York, magic is all but extinct. The remaining few who have an affinity for magic—the Mageus—live in the shadows, hiding who they are. Any Mageus who enters Manhattan becomes trapped by the Brink, a 
dark energy barrier that confines them to the island. Crossing it means losing their power—and often their lives
2.Ash and Quill
Words can kill.
Hoarding all the knowledge of the world, the Great Library jealously guards its secrets. But now a group of rebels poses a dangerous threat to its tyranny…
3.What We Lose
From an author of rare, haunting power, a stunning novel about a young African-American woman coming of age—a deeply felt meditation on race, sex, family,
 and country.
An elegiac distillation, at once intellectual and visceral, of a young woman’s understanding of absence and 
identity that spans continents and decades, What We Lose heralds the arrival of a virtuosic new voice in fiction.
